GaryT |  5/5 | I've been playing a brass colored King Super 20 trumpet since 1972. After using the same colored trumpet for all those years, I decided I'd like to try a different color. The Mendini had good reviews so I took a chance. The case is very good and the attached back straps are a nice touch. The enclosed accessories (oil, cleaning cloth and gloves) were okay. The 7c mouthpiece is alright, but like all 7c mouthpieces, it doesn't fit me. I can't hold this against the the package. On the other hand, it would be nice if mouthpieces other than 7c were available w/ the package. The trumpet was bought in large part for its looks and did not disappoint-it's very attractive. So far (15 mos) the finish is holding up well, although admittedly I normally play only once or twice a week and am very careful. The sound is good. I can't tell any difference between the Mendini and the King. The valves are not quite as smooth as the King, but are definitely smooth enough and are not a problem. I'm not sure it's fair to compare the smoothness of a 50 year old mid-range trumpet to an inexpensive entry level trumpet. All in all, from my perspective the Mendini gets a 5 star review. It's not like my old King or a brand new big name trumpet, but it does what it's supposed to and at a VERY reasonable price. What more could I ask for?
David D Pratt |  5/5 | TL;DR - It isn't too good to be true. Super cheap price for a basic, but very well built, starter trumpet!  Just got mine in today and decided to go with black because it looked sleek. Pulled it out, got it oiled and such, and started playing. I had previously played for several years but then life pulled me away for quite a while ago, so I wanted to find something "beginner"-like so I could jump back in without huge investment. Figured this trumpet could at least serve as my bridge to get back to where I was, and it seems it will be that, and maybe more.  Got it tuned and played just a little today to make sure everything sounded right. It feels solid to play, and at this price point I was a little concerned about it "feeling" cheap, but I was worried for nothing as it turns out. Overall sound quality is WAY better than I could have imagined from an instrument at this price. I started on an old Yamaha beginner long ago, and I honestly think this could fool all but the most critical of listeners in a blind test. Obviously this isn't going to reach the quality of the Bach I had in my younger years, but I'm positive it'll sound good enough that I won't really notice for a bit until I rebuild my chops to my former levels.  I heard a lot of reviews about valve problems. Most of them seemed to be out of the box issues, and I luckily did not encounter any. I can't speak for the longevity issue with the valves since this is day 0, but they don't feel overly cheap and appear to be crafted with at least some amount of precision and care. They are a bit lighter than I remember valves being, so I guess we'll see. Otherwise, I couldn't be happier with picking this trumpet to get back into it. I'd even be willing to get one for my 5th grade daughter if her interests end up coming this direction.  Just all around a great starter-trumpet with more than acceptable sound quality at an alarmingly low price. In fact, I bought this in conjunction with the Yamaha "Silent Brass" system, and it's more expensive then this trumpet itself... that's literally insane to me.  (Different product, but I also recommend that Yamaha Silent Brass system for newer players, or anyone that lives with other people really. Let's them really play their heart out, and other people in the room hear only talking-level volumes, and that's only if they're really playing hard. Can't recommend that enough. Only saying it on this review because they pair together so well. It also further shows the value of this product, because for about $320 you can get both a great starter trumpet AND a super nice electronic mute, where paying $500 for one of the usual starter trumpets gets you only that... a trumpet... no mute included.)
S. Wilcox |  5/5 | This is a bit hard to rate. If you consider bang for the buck, it's easily a five star. If you consider only the bang (e.g. quality in the realm of all trumpets), it's probably a two or maybe a three. But that's not bad all things considered. I'm an amateur that plays in a community band, and I bought this as a camping trumpet (I like to practice in while camping in remote areas). Intonation is decent -- typically predictable and controllable across the partials, tone is good, and it blows fairly easily with comfortable acoustic back pressure. The first and third valve tuning slides work, although are a little stiff. I was able to loosen them up a bit by working them for a while. The valves work well with no hint of sticking, and there is not much valve leakage.  It's well worth the money for my use, and honestly, I would not hesitate to use it in a concert if my other horn were for some reason not available. I have no illusions that it will ever hold up for many years with heavy use, but unequivocally, it's a good starter horn for a young student. In some of the reviews, I saw complaints that instruments came out of the shipping package with valves not working, bent parts, etc. But it seems that the company was responsive to the problems, so I figured they would make it good if it arrived in poor shape. So in this context, maybe I'll backpedal and equivocate on my endorsement: It's suitable as a student trumpet ONLY if you get a properly working horn as I did. There is nothing more damaging to a beginner's enthusiasm than an instrument that doesn't work right.  One thing I recently noticed is that this trumpet is about one inch shorter than what I believe to be a standard Bb trumpet. The instrument seems to be scaled down across its length with the valves offset by about 1/2" and the bell short by about an inch. I noticed this when I tried to put my other trumpet in the Mendini case and it wouldn't fit! I don't understand the acoustics of the smaller horn and how it can play in tune, but it does.
Charles E. |  5/5 | Purchased this for my daughter to begin her musical adventures. She has played the trumpet for four years, the Tuba for one, and is now working on the Baritone Saxophone.  This instrument was great for the elementary/JR high experience and held up well during all the pep band games, marching band parades, and honor band concerts that she attended.
David Smith |  5/5 | I don't play a instrument but I have several different types of instruments that are used for display/decoration in my home. This looks great sitting on the shelf. Price was right and I'm very happy with it.
Blue Raven |  5/5 | Excellent quality, especially for the price. My 4 1/2 year old granddaughter can make lovely sounds with it. She loves it! It is a bit heavy for her, tough.
ken |  5/5 | The trumpet is great. Amazon really botched the delivery. I received a variety of dates for its delivery and eventually Amazon seemed to have no idea where it was. I telephoned KKmusic and they immediately started the shipping process and kept me apprised of its progress. They did a great job in getting the trumpet to me!
Austin |  5/5 | Mendini by Cecilio MTT-N Trumpet, Silver, Bb  Background: I used to play Trombone from 5th grade to 12 grade (graduation). I stopped for a few years, and now I am back. In wake of that, I have also decided to pick up a Trumpet, and this fit the bill. It not only was a cheap alternative to other horns, but surprisingly the quality was higher than I would have pegged a $100 horn to display.  Pros: It has a nice shine to the outer surface; it is fairly light weight; durable; and it is easy to work with for what you would expect.  Cons: Coming from 7 years of experience, and time invested in not only playing, but listening to other instruments, I can tell that this sounds of lesser quality than that of a more expensive and worth while option. However, you do get what you pay for, but for a $100 instrument, it definitely is one to impress for the "bang for your buck" approach. I would peg this instrument, just like for yours truly (a beginner), and those who wish to pick up a cheap-o instrument to allow their son or daughter (or for yourself if you so desire) to practice with until they are of age where they need an improved make/model to truly shine.  In addition, my biggest two complaints that are written into the headline is that in comparison to a more expensive model, it lacks the vibrato and resonating features that I would want; and occasionally when I play through each major octave scale, I do get "sticky keys." So far, it only happens to the two front valves, and I am not positive if that is my lack of applying valve oil per use, or it is due to the quality of said CNC'd machinery. However, this is par the course. As they say, "you get what you paid for."  Overall: For receiving an instrument for $100, something I would never expect to go for so low, it not only does its job, but better than one would expect. So far, I have received no major technical issues, whether broken in transit, dents, or lack of parts listed in the description. I intend to practice diligently for the next year, and when I feel that I need to do so, I shall sell this Trumpet and buy an improved model.  With that said, if and when you, or whoever stumbles upon this decides they wish to take that next step into intermediate brass construct, I would recommend the following: Bach, Yamaha, Kanstul, Getzen, LJ Hutchen, Conn, or King. A fair piece from LJ Hutchen would run you roughly $250 in the 'higher' range for beginner trumpets, whereas if you may decide to step up in price through thorough research, you could expect to pay anywhere from $400-1000 which I would classify for 'intermediate' players. If you intend to stick with said instrument for the long run, have the spare cash and are at a place in your career where you are a expert at your craft (not that you need me to tell you), you could find higher quality models ranging from $1,500 to $2,500.  To those struggling on your journey, I would implore you to allocate any resources that you have to your disposal, whether it be the internet, an in person or online tutor that has mastered their craft and/or instrument, YouTube videos, or for those that are just starting out, I would recommend "Foundations for Superior Performance" by Richard Williams or "I Recommend" by James D. They will help you learn fingering positions, different scales to better improve your intonation, air control, flexibility in each octave, speed, and overall knowledge of your different major and minor scales, and plenty more. When in doubt, start from the basics, improve your foundations and work your way up, slowly but surely pushing the envelope. And, don't forget, 30-60 minutes sessions per day with 1 - 2 days off given how hard you worked your chops, especially focused work is invaluable in comparison to playing extremely long sessions, and having no particular goal.
Haley |  5/5 | The trumpet is great and sounds good, it came with everything listed all wrapped up or in bags. The valves move fine and so does the middle finger hook in the center. My only complaint is in the gloves. I already have very small and thin hands, and they still manage to be a bit too tight on the fingers while the rest of the glove is too loose, and even though they are tight there is a bit of loose fabric at the finger tips which you can easily get caught beneath a valve. I find it fine to wear one glove to make playing more comfortable, but personally I wouldn't recommend wearing them both.
Jay Smith |  5/5 | I was an instrumental music major in college, which was eons ago, but haven't played since so I'm still trying to get my chops in shape. I have a long way to go with that, but I know the valves have pretty good action right out of the box, it seems relatively well made for the price, and has the potential to be a good instrument; at least as good as the old Selmer I started with when the Beatles were still together.🙂
GaryT |  5/5 | I've been playing a brass colored King Super 20 trumpet since 1972. After using the same colored trumpet for all those years, I decided I'd like to try a different color. The Mendini had good reviews so I took a chance. The case is very good and the attached back straps are a nice touch. The enclosed accessories (oil, cleaning cloth and gloves) were okay. The 7c mouthpiece is alright, but like all 7c mouthpieces, it doesn't fit me. I can't hold this against the the package. On the other hand, it would be nice if mouthpieces other than 7c were available w/ the package. The trumpet was bought in large part for its looks and did not disappoint-it's very attractive. So far (15 mos) the finish is holding up well, although admittedly I normally play only once or twice a week and am very careful. The sound is good. I can't tell any difference between the Mendini and the King. The valves are not quite as smooth as the King, but are definitely smooth enough and are not a problem. I'm not sure it's fair to compare the smoothness of a 50 year old mid-range trumpet to an inexpensive entry level trumpet. All in all, from my perspective the Mendini gets a 5 star review. It's not like my old King or a brand new big name trumpet, but it does what it's supposed to and at a VERY reasonable price. What more could I ask for?
David D Pratt |  5/5 | TL;DR - It isn't too good to be true. Super cheap price for a basic, but very well built, starter trumpet!  Just got mine in today and decided to go with black because it looked sleek. Pulled it out, got it oiled and such, and started playing. I had previously played for several years but then life pulled me away for quite a while ago, so I wanted to find something "beginner"-like so I could jump back in without huge investment. Figured this trumpet could at least serve as my bridge to get back to where I was, and it seems it will be that, and maybe more.  Got it tuned and played just a little today to make sure everything sounded right. It feels solid to play, and at this price point I was a little concerned about it "feeling" cheap, but I was worried for nothing as it turns out. Overall sound quality is WAY better than I could have imagined from an instrument at this price. I started on an old Yamaha beginner long ago, and I honestly think this could fool all but the most critical of listeners in a blind test. Obviously this isn't going to reach the quality of the Bach I had in my younger years, but I'm positive it'll sound good enough that I won't really notice for a bit until I rebuild my chops to my former levels.  I heard a lot of reviews about valve problems. Most of them seemed to be out of the box issues, and I luckily did not encounter any. I can't speak for the longevity issue with the valves since this is day 0, but they don't feel overly cheap and appear to be crafted with at least some amount of precision and care. They are a bit lighter than I remember valves being, so I guess we'll see. Otherwise, I couldn't be happier with picking this trumpet to get back into it. I'd even be willing to get one for my 5th grade daughter if her interests end up coming this direction.  Just all around a great starter-trumpet with more than acceptable sound quality at an alarmingly low price. In fact, I bought this in conjunction with the Yamaha "Silent Brass" system, and it's more expensive then this trumpet itself... that's literally insane to me.  (Different product, but I also recommend that Yamaha Silent Brass system for newer players, or anyone that lives with other people really. Let's them really play their heart out, and other people in the room hear only talking-level volumes, and that's only if they're really playing hard. Can't recommend that enough. Only saying it on this review because they pair together so well. It also further shows the value of this product, because for about $320 you can get both a great starter trumpet AND a super nice electronic mute, where paying $500 for one of the usual starter trumpets gets you only that... a trumpet... no mute included.)
S. Wilcox |  5/5 | This is a bit hard to rate. If you consider bang for the buck, it's easily a five star. If you consider only the bang (e.g. quality in the realm of all trumpets), it's probably a two or maybe a three. But that's not bad all things considered. I'm an amateur that plays in a community band, and I bought this as a camping trumpet (I like to practice in while camping in remote areas). Intonation is decent -- typically predictable and controllable across the partials, tone is good, and it blows fairly easily with comfortable acoustic back pressure. The first and third valve tuning slides work, although are a little stiff. I was able to loosen them up a bit by working them for a while. The valves work well with no hint of sticking, and there is not much valve leakage.  It's well worth the money for my use, and honestly, I would not hesitate to use it in a concert if my other horn were for some reason not available. I have no illusions that it will ever hold up for many years with heavy use, but unequivocally, it's a good starter horn for a young student. In some of the reviews, I saw complaints that instruments came out of the shipping package with valves not working, bent parts, etc. But it seems that the company was responsive to the problems, so I figured they would make it good if it arrived in poor shape. So in this context, maybe I'll backpedal and equivocate on my endorsement: It's suitable as a student trumpet ONLY if you get a properly working horn as I did. There is nothing more damaging to a beginner's enthusiasm than an instrument that doesn't work right.  One thing I recently noticed is that this trumpet is about one inch shorter than what I believe to be a standard Bb trumpet. The instrument seems to be scaled down across its length with the valves offset by about 1/2" and the bell short by about an inch. I noticed this when I tried to put my other trumpet in the Mendini case and it wouldn't fit! I don't understand the acoustics of the smaller horn and how it can play in tune, but it does.
Charles E. |  5/5 | Purchased this for my daughter to begin her musical adventures. She has played the trumpet for four years, the Tuba for one, and is now working on the Baritone Saxophone.  This instrument was great for the elementary/JR high experience and held up well during all the pep band games, marching band parades, and honor band concerts that she attended.
David Smith |  5/5 | I don't play a instrument but I have several different types of instruments that are used for display/decoration in my home. This looks great sitting on the shelf. Price was right and I'm very happy with it.
Blue Raven |  5/5 | Excellent quality, especially for the price. My 4 1/2 year old granddaughter can make lovely sounds with it. She loves it! It is a bit heavy for her, tough.
ken |  5/5 | The trumpet is great. Amazon really botched the delivery. I received a variety of dates for its delivery and eventually Amazon seemed to have no idea where it was. I telephoned KKmusic and they immediately started the shipping process and kept me apprised of its progress. They did a great job in getting the trumpet to me!
Austin |  5/5 | Mendini by Cecilio MTT-N Trumpet, Silver, Bb  Background: I used to play Trombone from 5th grade to 12 grade (graduation). I stopped for a few years, and now I am back. In wake of that, I have also decided to pick up a Trumpet, and this fit the bill. It not only was a cheap alternative to other horns, but surprisingly the quality was higher than I would have pegged a $100 horn to display.  Pros: It has a nice shine to the outer surface; it is fairly light weight; durable; and it is easy to work with for what you would expect.  Cons: Coming from 7 years of experience, and time invested in not only playing, but listening to other instruments, I can tell that this sounds of lesser quality than that of a more expensive and worth while option. However, you do get what you pay for, but for a $100 instrument, it definitely is one to impress for the "bang for your buck" approach. I would peg this instrument, just like for yours truly (a beginner), and those who wish to pick up a cheap-o instrument to allow their son or daughter (or for yourself if you so desire) to practice with until they are of age where they need an improved make/model to truly shine.  In addition, my biggest two complaints that are written into the headline is that in comparison to a more expensive model, it lacks the vibrato and resonating features that I would want; and occasionally when I play through each major octave scale, I do get "sticky keys." So far, it only happens to the two front valves, and I am not positive if that is my lack of applying valve oil per use, or it is due to the quality of said CNC'd machinery. However, this is par the course. As they say, "you get what you paid for."  Overall: For receiving an instrument for $100, something I would never expect to go for so low, it not only does its job, but better than one would expect. So far, I have received no major technical issues, whether broken in transit, dents, or lack of parts listed in the description. I intend to practice diligently for the next year, and when I feel that I need to do so, I shall sell this Trumpet and buy an improved model.  With that said, if and when you, or whoever stumbles upon this decides they wish to take that next step into intermediate brass construct, I would recommend the following: Bach, Yamaha, Kanstul, Getzen, LJ Hutchen, Conn, or King. A fair piece from LJ Hutchen would run you roughly $250 in the 'higher' range for beginner trumpets, whereas if you may decide to step up in price through thorough research, you could expect to pay anywhere from $400-1000 which I would classify for 'intermediate' players. If you intend to stick with said instrument for the long run, have the spare cash and are at a place in your career where you are a expert at your craft (not that you need me to tell you), you could find higher quality models ranging from $1,500 to $2,500.  To those struggling on your journey, I would implore you to allocate any resources that you have to your disposal, whether it be the internet, an in person or online tutor that has mastered their craft and/or instrument, YouTube videos, or for those that are just starting out, I would recommend "Foundations for Superior Performance" by Richard Williams or "I Recommend" by James D. They will help you learn fingering positions, different scales to better improve your intonation, air control, flexibility in each octave, speed, and overall knowledge of your different major and minor scales, and plenty more. When in doubt, start from the basics, improve your foundations and work your way up, slowly but surely pushing the envelope. And, don't forget, 30-60 minutes sessions per day with 1 - 2 days off given how hard you worked your chops, especially focused work is invaluable in comparison to playing extremely long sessions, and having no particular goal.
Haley |  5/5 | The trumpet is great and sounds good, it came with everything listed all wrapped up or in bags. The valves move fine and so does the middle finger hook in the center. My only complaint is in the gloves. I already have very small and thin hands, and they still manage to be a bit too tight on the fingers while the rest of the glove is too loose, and even though they are tight there is a bit of loose fabric at the finger tips which you can easily get caught beneath a valve. I find it fine to wear one glove to make playing more comfortable, but personally I wouldn't recommend wearing them both.
Jay Smith |  5/5 | I was an instrumental music major in college, which was eons ago, but haven't played since so I'm still trying to get my chops in shape. I have a long way to go with that, but I know the valves have pretty good action right out of the box, it seems relatively well made for the price, and has the potential to be a good instrument; at least as good as the old Selmer I started with when the Beatles were still together.🙂
Andy lu |  5/5 | I bought it as a gift for my child. He is also learning this skill in school. My son said this is what he wants.
Bryan S. |  5/5 | the 7c mouthpiece was not the best fit for me. replaced it with a 15c mouthpiece and getting better results.
Amazon Customer |  5/5 | Awesome quality
carlos |  5/5 | Really very good trumpet for quality price, highly recommended
Evelin Arteaga |  5/5 | The color it’s amazing. For a beginner it’s a perfect gif. Took a long time to arrive and Amazon didn't provide much information about shipping but the seller was in communication all the time until the shipment was made.
Cubano Racing |  5/5 | Excelente calidad
Ana Martines |  5/5 | My 4 y/o been asking for one and this is the perfect gift he’s so happy he started blowing on it right away
TAMMY |  5/5 | It was a gift my son was very happy 😃 h🎉💕
bigbadbob |  5/5 | AWESOME!!! Just as advertised....Thank you so much.
Granny B. |  5/5 | Bought this for my Granddaughter for her B.D. It was all pretty an shiney Great carrying case it came in. Came with instructions how to clean. Also bought her a music book to learn how to play it. She loved it.
J. Keith Howell |  5/5 | Great horn for the money
Mr tell it like it is. |  5/5 | I liked the sound quality of this trumpet being so inexpensive. This trumpet is well manufactured. The only problem I had with this trumpet was a sticky third valve and slightly weak valve rebound overall. Comes with a good case 7c mouthpiece cleaning cloth and valve oil. I bought the gold one. If lucky with the valves the Mendini is a good one.
hernan hernandez |  5/5 | Came with missing piece
Michael D. Sweeney |  5/5 | There is only one reason to give it five stars: it is a hundred-dollar instrument, and I have some deep philosophical objections to them. That said, this is as good as a hundred-dollar instrument can be. No, it is better than you should expect. It's a three-hundred dollar instrument masquerading as a hundred-dollar instrument.  What it isn't is a quality student instrument. There's no magic trick to getting one of those cheap. Hundred-dollar instruments are a disservice to the student and an insult to the instrument. The way to make one cheaply is to automate everything possible and to remove the skilled work that is necessary to really set one up properly. That means quality is all over the map. It may play out of the box, it may play if you rework it, it may never play at all.  Don't go this route as a young student or parent. You don't know enough to overcome the shortcomings, you won't be able to get repairs, and it won't stand up to hard classroom use. Rent from a specialist in student instrument rentals, or spend for a real student-level instrument from one of the two or three manufacturers who still stand behind their own names (like Yahama). Getting a cheap instrument for a student is a bad idea. You risk them being unable to learn, blaming themselves for the shortcomings of the instrument, being driven crying from music. You risk it breaking just when it is needed most. I wish there was a simple way around it but band instruments aren't just carrying around relics of a Class Society that prices them out of the range of most of us; they are intrinsically hard to manufacture. It can look like a trumpet or violin, have all the parts in the right places, and still be devilishly difficult to play and sound like garbage when you do.  Enough of the lecture. Where these instrument makes sense is for the experimenter, the dilettante, the gigging musician who needs a throwaway for a switch part or to take to the playa or throw in the vacation bags. What you need is the skill to fix what can be fixed, the talent to work around what can't be fixed, and the fortitude to throw the whole thing in the trash if neither of those works.  Thing is, from my (limited) experience Cecilio/Medini breaks the odds. I've gotten two instruments off them and both shipped as perfectly workable introductory instruments. I'm not saying this trumpet doesn't have stickiness in the third valve slide, a little air leak on the main slide, less than perfect plating, and a generally cheap feel and sound. But it was plenty good enough to learn trumpet on as an adult and will play fine in experienced hands.  Six months later it hasn't corroded or lost any parts and the valve action (always the critical part plus the first thing to go) is still good. So, yeah. If you or your child is taking band next semester then hell no. But if you are a clarinetist and want to mess around with the Dark Side then, sure; it's enough to see if you like it and maybe do a little pickup gig while you figure out if trumpet means enough for you to drop $1200 on a used Conn.
BluePanda |  5/5 | UPDATE!!! Originally I gave this a 2 star review. The product seemed okay at first but then I realized it wasn't just me, as stated in the original review below. I couldn't get in touch with the seller as it bounced back email wise saying they'd only get it in their Amazon email -- psh, like I believed they'd see that. Well they saw it (or my review).  Either way they got in touch with me -- gave me pointers on adjusting the valves and while it fixed one; the other just seemed wrong still. I think it was honstly just off -- makes horrible noises when it should just be smooth. So they offered to ship a new one with return label for the other (no cost)! It got here already and it's whole different horn! Feels great. I played for an hour because it just felt so right.  I'm very pleased and I feel like the seller is there for me if something were to come up yet again. They were very responsive and quick to get the problem resolved, AND I learned a few things about adjusting valves! :) I look forward to playing and have the confidence I have support behind the horn should something else come up at all. LOVE IT.  ORIGINAL REVIEW (2 stars): I bought this as a cheap alternative beginner horn like several others. I was quite surprised when it arrived as it comes in a nice carry case with gloves/cleaning cloth and oil (just as advertised). The trumpet itself actually looks very nice and has a feel to it that isn't as cheap as I was expecting. It feels about as any other trumpet might in weight and durability.  Unfortunately I have had trouble with sticky valves. Valve 3 was the most noticeable at first but it seems 1 and 3 are consistantly not making it all the way back up before I'm on to the next note. Unfortunately for my dog, neighbors, and poor husband this sound horrendous beyond beginner trumpet as a suddenly drop G to C or can't make the drop either.  I have tried oiling the valves and even a full clean and oil. Unfortunately this doesn't seem to help. I'm contacting the seller -- I'm hoping there is some trick/fix but knowing how instruments come with very touchy tolerances -- I'm not thinking there will be an easy answer.  While it is affordable and looks pretty great -- it's almost unplayable. :(
mandy ketchum |  5/5 | My daughter absolutely loves it!
KOBrien |  5/5 | I bought this instrument as a Christmas gift for my grandson. So not sure about its functionality. I did NOT received an in instruction book or manual or even a receipt in the box. The case looked old and used. Very disappointed. Hope this thing works. No Manual or Instruction pamphlet.
Ya Yeet |  5/5 | I’ll say their customer service did not match the poor quality other reviews have talked about. My experience was pretty good with them. I had a couple of valves that stuck, even after stretching the springs, so they sent me a new trumpet. It sounds good enough for the price you’re paying, so a decent trumpet to buy if you’re not entirely sure you want to play the trumpet, but want to find out. This would be great for a 10 year old also, so parents aren’t spending silly money on something your kids won’t continue. If you know you’re going to play for the long haul, save your money here and spend it on a real trumpet.  Customer service was really good Trumpet quality = you get what you pay for. Don’t expect more, and you won’t be disappointed…
Maxine Belko |  5/5 | Perfect
Kris Uy |  5/5 | We ordered this as a starter instrument for our 11 year old who wanted to learn the trumpet. It’s a great setup for a beginner. His teacher was even pleased with the sound quality. It came with a nice carrying case as well.
Patricia Darstein |  5/5 | This is a wonderfully made and affordable instrument. In fact, this cost less then what it would have cost us to rent a Trumpet for a year so I took a chance and bought it. We wanted to rent first because kids say they want to play or do something but end up changing their mind so we thought renting would be better for the first year. Sadly, in our area there are less and less places to buy/rent band equipment for kids. Paying over 150.00 for 8 months of renting an instrument isn't too bad BUT when you can buy a quality instrument for pennies more if not less than rental charges and not have to deal with renting contracts, returning the rental, and all for getting a very used, banged up instrument...it's a no brainer! Even my son's band instructor was impressed with the sound and all around quality of this Trumpet! He really was against us buying a Trumpet and he was even more against it when we told him the price of this one. Once he saw it and heard the sound he was quite pleased with our purchase! He said the sound was good, it not better then the more expensive well-known brand instruments! The case for this is soft but nicely padded for protection on the inside and very lightweight for easy transport! My son loves that he can use the case in a backpack style because he always has so much to carry. The trumpet itself looks (to me) like an extremely well made expensive one but at a fraction of the cost. I know nothing about instruments so my son's band instructor was our best bet for advisement as far as what kind of Trumpet would be best for a student. Again, he did not recommend purchasing an instrument so we did take a chance buying this. The reviews for this were all very good and they were all right in my opinion! This comes with absolutely everything my son needs to start playing and I think (or at least hope) he will get quite a few years of use out of this. This instrument is a WIN-win!!!
Smithers1 |  5/5 | I bought this for my child to use in school band as it was cheaper than renting a trumpet. It seems to be high quality and has worked great for my child! I anticipate this will last through high school if they decide to keep doing band. I definitely recommend it!
Andreas B. |  5/5 | In high-school, I played piano and organ. After I graduated from high-school, I moved to USA to continue my education but then I stopped playing music as piano and organ are too big and too hard to be moved around between apartments. Now, I am almost retired and I got interested to play the trumpet. Since I didn’t know whether I would like it or not, I decided to start with this extremely affordable Mendini by Cecilio trumpet. Before I bought this trumpet, I read the reviews about the sticking valves and they were right. But not until I learned that trumpet requires maintenance, ie: cleaning, oiling the valves and greasing the slides. After that, both slides and valves run very smoothly. After a year, I discovered that I do enjoy playing the trumpet and I decided to get me another trumpet. So, I bought me an intermediate Bb trumpet (YTR-4335GII) that cost me about 15 times as much as the Mendini’s. Now, I have two trumpets and I love them both. Surprisingly, I learned that the Mendini is actually quite comparable with my new trumpet. The sound is almost identical (the new trumpet is slightly softer), the Mendini’s valves are just as smooth but the new trumpet’s slides are smoother. The most noticeable difference is the mouth piece. The cup in Mendini’s mouth piece is slightly bigger. They feel different but play just as good. If you are looking for affordable trumpets, I would strongly recommend Mendini by Cecilio. You will be pleasantly surprised to learn how good this trumpet really is.
Jorge Z. |  5/5 | English  I bought this very excited trumpet for my 5 and 7-year-old children, in December 2020, they have 6 months of classes, but it has been difficult to learn with this trumpet, the quality of the pistons leaves much to be desired, they stick too much , sometimes it seems as if it is covered and even if it is washed, greased and the cleaning and greasing products are changed, it does not work well on occasions, it was checked by a professional and at first glance everything is perfect with the trumpet, but still it gives problems, It is very frustrating for a child who is learning, to have to deal with such problems, this trumpet has professionals who give it a good review despite the problem of the pistons that they have also had. I For a beginner and more if you are a child, I do not recommend it. Please check the quality of the pistons.  ESPAÑOL  Yo compré está trompeta muy ilusionada para mis niños de 5 y 7 años de edad, en diciembre de 2020, tienen 6 meses de clases, pero ha Sido difícil aprender con esta trompeta, la calidad de los pistones deja mucho que desear, se pegan demasiado, a veces parece como si se tapara y aunque se lave, engrase y se cambie la productos para limpieza y engrase, no funciona bien en ocaciones, la revisó un profesional y a simple vista todo está perfecto con la trompeta, pero aún así da problemas , es muy fustrante para un niño que está aprendiendo, tener que lidiar con ese tipo de problemas, esta trompeta la tienen profesionales que le dan buena reseña a pesar del problema de los pistones que también han tenido . Yo Para un principiante y más si es niño no la recomiendo. Por favor revisar la calidad de los pistones.
Roberto Arango |  5/5 | Very good overall. Excellent value for your money. The valve quality could be better.
Amazon Customer |  5/5 | Purchased this for 5th grade grandson. Band instructor was impressed with the quality for a beginner. Case really protects the trumpet.
Melissa Medina |  5/5 | The carrier case is very nice light and perfect for my 10 yr old you can carry it as a backpack or over the shoulder the trumpet works great perfect for band student
J. Frank |  5/5 | As a musician myself, I was hesitant about purchasing this trumpet. I played the Alto Saxophone all throughout middle school and high school, and I understand the value of a good, quality instrument. But this is for a 6th grader who is just starting out. The last thing I wanted to do was commit to a rental program (which would have been more than purchasing this trumpet outright) or drop a wad of cash on something expensive that he may/may not enjoy in the long run.  In all honesty, this was a great decision. The trumpet looks and plays very, very nice. A few weeks into the school year, and our brand new musician has passed more tests than anyone else and now sits as a first chair trumpet player in his first middle school band. That success isn't attributed to the trumpet, I know. But I wanted to make sure everyone knew that even with a trumpet like this, it's possible to sound great if you're willing to put in the work (just like with any instrument...at any price).  There is a drawback. At $100, I'm not sure that the trumpet itself is incredibly durable. That doesn't mean it's fragile. It means it's not a $3,000 trumpet. My son dropped it in our kitchen on hardwood floors from a height of about 3 feet, and it left a quarter-size dent in the bell. He was devastated. But all in all, the trumpet held up to the fall very well. The sound wasn't impacted at all, and in speaking with our local instrument shop, it should be a relatively easy fix.  All in all, I'm very happy with this purchase, but more importantly, our son loves it!
Hribal |  5/5 | So while it sounds as good as school grade trumpet I am giving it three stars because the blue coloring is peeling off.  It started where the name was printed one it. Now around the seams it’s also coming off. It is not sue to negligence either. It’s just not coated correctly. We have not even had it two months.
Linda A. Wingfield |  5/5 | I don't believe there is a single thing to dislike about this instrument! It is an excellent quality instrument. I haven't played in 21 years. The last time I had played was in the year 2000. I had rented an "intermediate" instrument for a year, at that time--the monthly payments were about $75, which I could no longer afford by the end of that year.  That instrument was nowhere NEAR as well-made as this one, and didn't have as good a tone. Even being 71 years old without having played an instrument since 2000, I have been able to pick this one up and immediately begin to play again. I have a lot of toughening up and practicing to do, but anything that doesn't quite come out right as yet is NOT due to the quality of this trumpet!  I'm impressed! I would highly recommend that parents looking for a superb instrument to help a child begin to play, or perhaps even one who wants to move up from a flawed starter instrument, or even an adult wanting to pick up where they left off years and years ago, choose this excellent trumpet.
ART |  5/5 | Well let start by saying I am no instrument expert. But this trumpet to me was a great for my grandson. He loves it and has begun his music journey. It was affordable and works well.
Greg Gear |  5/5 | Well built, beautiful finish. A little hard to blow for a beginner trumpet. Maybe a bigger bore would help? Shape of bell does not hold a Harmon Mute very well.
Bill |  5/5 | Well worth the price. Had it for a couple of weeks and it performs just like the expensive ones. Good finish and nice case.
Bennett Szeto |  5/5 | This was for my daughter's band class. No issues with it. The keys were sticky the first few times she used it. The kit came with lube to oil the keys. Otherwise, it works perfectly. I'm no musician or have any sort of music background, but works as intended for her band class.
Mo |  5/5 | It is sturdy and made of good quality metal
Tony Liu |  5/5 | good
fernandez |  5/5 | Quality excellent timely delivery
Christopher F. Beehler |  5/5 | First off, let me say that I was a professional Navy Band trumpet musician for 11 years. I ordered this on a whim for my son, who is starting band this year. I took it out of the box, opened the case, oiled the valves twice, and spun the through from the top and bottom. Valve action was good for a student level horn. I then removed all the slides and lubed them up ensuring smooth, but not loose operation, and put the mouthpiece on the horn. I warmed up on it and then proceeded to play through the entire range of the instrument. It was relatively free blowing with a very acceptable sound and felt and sounded very versatile. Maybe my horn was a unicorn, but if this quality is indicative of all their product, I feel it’s worth the investment for a student instrument. Why pay $900 for a “name brand” instrument, when you can take a chance on this. If you’re still on the fence, buy one and take it to a trumpet instructor to try out for you. It may very well be worth your time.
Stevan Bustos |  5/5 | I have been using this trumpet for almost a year now. I am currently in my junior year of high school. I have used this for concert and marching band. I definitely prefer this trumpet over the student Yamaha trumpets. I 100% recommend this trumpet. I originally bought this trumpet because I wanted to have a trumpet at home to practice on while I have a trumpet at school to use. This trumpet became the main trumpet I use. The sound quality I can achieve on this trumpet is by far suprising. When I first got this trumpet I wasnt feeling so sure of it buying off of Amazon for 100$. I can proudly say this trumpet is worth its money. Only one thing is that your going to want to get a better mouthpiece. If you didnt know, a mouthpiece is very important to how you want to sound. The mouthpiece provided is good for beginners for establishing the feel of embouchure. Along the time of playing you're going to want to get a better mouthpiece eventually. So I leave a positive note on this trumpet. Its suprising it's only worth 100$. For what it is, it's an amazing trumpet. I recommend getting this over other trumpets sold on Amazon.
JT |  5/5 | I'm just starting trumpet, though I play other instruments. As far as I can tell, this is a flawless trumpet at an astonishingly low price (for me, $79.99). But what do I know? However, I showed it to my brother-in-law, an excellent trumpet and trombone player for several decades, who played some wonderful tunes effortlessly, couldn't believe how a such a great trumpet could be obtained so inexpensively, and, finding it much lighter than his $1,000 model, yet sturdy, immediately bought one as his "travel trumpet". Two other friends, excellent trumpet players, were just as impressed, and one of them also bought one as a "travel trumpet". I can't stop playing the thing and after 2 weeks, am well into playing scales and even some pretty good tunes. In addition to trumpet and mouthpiece, this comes with a beautiful soft (Nylon? but with a hard, cushioned, fitted nest for the trumpet and mouthpiece) case (which ALONE must be worth about $40!) with optional shoulder straps, both zipper and Velcro closures, and large music storage pocket, plus a cleaning cloth and oil (but you'll need a real cleaning kit, of course). I was also told that this model has features you would not expect on a beginner's trumpet. Mine is golden, gleaming, NOT plastic, with mother of pearl valves that are delightfully smooth -- really does look like an instrument costing 10x as much, and when played by a good trumpeter, sounds like that, too.
Thao |  5/5 | For a band student, this trumpet is a great one to get for the quality and price. We initially rented a really nice trumpet, at the encouragement of the school, from a music rental place. The cost would’ve surpassed the price of this trumpet in just a few months, not to mention the fact that they priced the rental at over $1,000 if we eventually wanted to apply our rental fees towards it (I think it was a Yamaha or some other popular brand). I got nervous about my daughter carrying around something so expensive, and rightly so. Halfway through the year, her trumpet was taken out of a schoolroom before a concert. It had been placed on the floor in its case with all the other instruments. She was almost in tears trying to locate it and no one saw who took it. We waited a couple of days and no one returned it so I ordered another one of these Mendini trumpets. Luckily, a couple more days later, someone returned her trumpet but the bell was dented. Who knows what they did with it! Thank goodness the Mendini is affordable and she has no problems playing it. I can’t imagine the cost had we lost the rental or it was returned all dented.
Jenn |  5/5 | My musical background is three years of saxophone and basic violin, so I wanted a challenging yet fun instrument to learn. The trumpet is the iconic symbol of jazz and big band. What appears as simple takes time to learn. I am just now learning the scales and notes, but enjoy free play by ear. For those without a musical theory (notes) background, there is ample material out there on finger-positioning for each note and scale. Mendini offers very solid, sleek, yet affordable instruments. I have previously purchased a Mendini electric violin and am enjoying learning it as well.
RatingQueen |  5/5 | My husband has been playing trumpet for 15 years. He has owned a Bach, several student models, and even a Holton model. He said this trumpet has very smooth airflow, the valves are heavy duty and great quality. The trumpet is solid and not at all flimsy. The finish is beautiful. It has a copper lead pipe. He said its a beautiful horn! He was very impressed!! He will be using this during his Church Christmas concerts. He played it immediately and this trumpet has such a loud sound and great sound quality! When I buy off of amazon I always go straight for the highest rated reviews. Some of the reviews for this trumpet said it was garbage and the valves were junk. I was soooo nervous buying it. I was afraid I bought a crap horn and my husband wouldnt like it. Absolutely not. My husband isnt a beginner player and this trumpet sounds beautiful! If your nervous about the cecilio, dont be! You will be impressed!
a friend |  5/5 | I'm not exactly a beginner, but not an advanced player either. Guess I'm an intermediate, anyway, I guess I can somewhat be trusted in this subject. As someone who has played the trumpet before, and bought a few trumpets that were nearly four to six times the price of this one, I was curious as to how it would sound. I bought it out of pure curiosity, I expect many of you may not have, so I'll get on with the review.  Firstly, the valves are designed...weirdly. With many of the brass instruments I've handled, most, if not all, have some sort of "click" or a sound, or feeling, to notify that "hey, you got the valve in the right spot. Good job." But this one doesn't, the design of the trumpet in general is odd. There is no "click", there is no sound. The only way to know is if you put all of them in, and try to play it. If you can't make a sound then you probably got one, two, or all three in the wrong position.  Secondly, I must admit, I've had worse trumpets for a much more expensive price, however, I've had much better trumpets, for a slightly more expensive price. The trumpet itself is NOT GOOD, even more so when it's advertised to "beginners", now I'm a player, and I had my troubles. The sound that comes out of it is rather...odd. The supposed "cork" that's supposed to be on the inner sides of the water keys, isn't there. But rather, some sort of clear silicone thingy. It may be the cause for the somewhat fuzzy sound I keep on getting from the trumpet, but who knows.  Overall, not bad for the price, but if you're here for quality, and willing to shell out another few hundred, GO ELSEWHERE. Save up, there's always renting, or buying a used trumpet. There's no need to rush into things and get a cheap trumpet because you think it'll work. Buy one from a more notable brand. With that brand, you can buy parts to improve it and keep it for awhile. With lesser known brands...well, good luck with that.  You're welcome. Go spend that $99, or $107, including tax and whatnot, elsewhere. Or send it to me, I'm open to donations at any time. Now go have fun with your non-existent trumpet, while I go and try to earn back that $107 I wasted.  EDIT: Turns out there's a leak in the main tuning slide, yay! Plus, the price has gone up, too. Yayyy!
Daring2Dream |  5/5 | If I'd seen this instrument before knowing the price, I'd have NEVER thought it was this inexpensive. As the title indicates, my daughter is beginning band and our local rentals were $40/month, including insurance. Amazon is always my go-to site for everything to see if there's a better value online, and, after much research and comparisons, this was our choice.  I'd read the reviews about the valves sticking, and have to admit I was a bit concerned; but, after opening the package and working them myself, that is not an issue with this trumpet at all.  Its metal construction and purple lacquered finish is absolutely beautiful and appears very well made and finished. I have no concerns about the instrument whatsoever.  The case is also great and is made from heavy-duty nylon on the outside, with a protective, form-fitting construction on the inside, finished in black fuzzy material that protects the finish on the trumpet. It also has a short handle and comes with longer straps, so there are a variety of ways she'll be able to carry it.  I'd highly recommend this instrument; and, if a higher rating existed, I'd give it. My daughter can't wait to get to school on Monday, so she can officially start playing with her very own trumpet and that, to me, is what it's all about.
louise white |  5/5 | My son suddenly wanted a trumpet and I didn't want to pay too much - This was affordable and my son is happy. I got him a few online classes!
F. Wise |  5/5 | I'm a male, 58 year old, recently retired scientist who still rocks out on the drums and guitar in local bands but I've always had trumpet on my bucket-list. Well, actually playing it well is still on my list but I love the look, feel and sound of this starter trumpet. I try to play every day for about 5 minutes until I can consistently get the sound right and then I'll actually start to learn the notes, etc. I've had it for only about a week and I can finally at least get that "trumpet" sound on a consistent basis instead of the pathetic sound of air rushing thru it. Phew! This is much more difficult than I had expected. Anyway, as a starter instrument for only $99, how can you beat it? In comparison, I once spent $250 just for a ride cymbal and $200 for a drum throne, so this is a bargain. One of my adult daughters is actually pretty good at it and we take turns trying to impress the pets. The wife is happy I practice mostly when she is at work but I play a little Herb Alpert when she gets home. She's not impressed (so far).
Vaughn Squad |  5/5 | The mouth piece is small and one of the valves kept collapsing. My son oiled it and got the valve working. We will be ordering a larger mouth piece but in the mean time.... he loves this trumpet! All the neighborhood dogs sing along when he plays in the back yard!
Linda Seale |  5/5 | Love this product. Only issue, it came with a little scratch on inside of the piece where the mouth piece goes. So it will wear down the mouth piece faster.. only issue. Son loves it and I love it for the price.
Daniel D. |  5/5 | I was looking for a decent instrument for my son to use in school. We rented a horn last year and it was like a kick to the teeth every month. I decided to try this one based on price, as I wasn’t sure if my son was going to continue in band for the long haul or if it was going to end after a year. This set is actually a really good little trumpet and accessories for a really great price! Sounds good, too! I was worried the band director wouldn’t approve, but my son is first chair trumpet and he’s saying nothing but good things about my son’s playing and sound, so I’m taking that as approval. 👍🏻
Mr |  5/5 | After a while the trumpet keys get sticky and get stuck a lot. If your serious about playing get a good quality trumpet not from Amazon.
Charlene |  5/5 | We purchased this for our 11 year old to learn on not wanting to invest too much in something he may not follow through with. It arrived quickly and looked nice but the first valve was sticking right away. We assumed it just needed to be oiled and with a little regular use it would be worn in and fine. When they finally started playing actual songs not just combos of notes it became apparent that this wasn't going to work. It's hard enough to learn to read music and play and instrument let alone dealing with constantly sticking keys. I contacted the seller and they were quick to respond to my email to help me diagnose the issue. The key sticks regardless of which valve you put it in so at least we know the issue. After 3 quick back and forth emails they sent a return authorization along with the info that I needed to pay for shipping (expected), repairs unless they deem it manufacturing defect and it would be 3 weeks turn around. So by the time I rent a trumpet for a month, pay for shipping and repairs to an instrument that was defective from the start I would be out the same to just buy a new one. Local repair shops will not work on the instrument. Needless to say I am unimpressed with the "manufacturer's warranty" and expectation that someone can simply be without for several weeks during school. So while customer service was fast it wasn't actually helpful.
Ayebye Alought |  5/5 | It's hard for me to give an accurate evaluation, because I know trombones, not trumpets. But I got this to use as a way to exercise my lip muscles in order to resume playing trombone (it's been ovef 40 years since I played consistently), and if I learn trumpet too, then so much the better. The instrument is beautiful, and it seems to get a good tone. I can't speak to intonation, because I'm not good enough yet to tell. But I'm just amazed that an American-made instrument can be found for this price, even if it's not the best quality. I'm quite happy with it. It meets my needs.
Amazon Customer |  5/5 | Daughter needed a trumpet for a concert on a short notice. Her higher end trumpet needed to be serviced and purchasing this trumpet was cheaper than renting a student model. Didn't know what to expect at this price point and boy where we surprised. Sound quality/tone rivals higher end trumpets. Do know that it is a beginner trumpet. needed to be tuned slightly more often than her regularly used trumpet and valves are of lesser quality, they tend to need more oiling than higher end models. Again can not express how good the sound quality is for an instrument of this price !
Amazon Customer |  5/5 | When I opened the case, the third valve was stuck half way up, and the second valvewas sticking. I applied valve oil to both and they strted working right away. The other thing that concerned me was that ine edescription there were four manuals of some kid that appeard to be part of the packge. They were not inclulded. Would like an answer. Other than that the horn feels good in the hands and has a nice mellow tone. Selivery ws 4days earlirer than proomised.
Ron |  5/5 | I used to play trumpet and bought this for fun. Major problem with the valves. The 3rd valve would turn out of alignment while I was playing. Yes, I made sure everything was aligned and adjusted. It’s just a defect. A pretty horn with a major problem. The mouth piece was showing signs of wear along the sides which made me ask, “Has this horn been returned and used before?”
SCJF |  5/5 | Unbelievable value! Purchased as an Amazon Warehouse deal, so even paid a bit less than normal, and looks/feels brand new. I played trumpet growing up through High School and even for a little bit during my military career. I was lucky to be able to use a top of the line Bach model trumpet during those years. Fast forward... my son has taken up trumpet, and I am proud to let him use my Bach. For some time though I wanted to find another inexpensive trumpet to help him practice and just enjoy music with him. This Mendini fit the bill. I was a bit nervous purchasing a sun $100 instrument... Who knows what I might have ended up with. This trumpet exceeded all my expectations for its price. Valves and slides operate smoothly, and the fit and finish is great. The trumpet is perfect for my needs, but I could absolutely see it being used for a beginning trumpet player or studenr wanting to learn. Good bright tone, comes with everything, and overall a very good purchase.
Steve |  5/5 | I bought this trumpet, looking at all the negative reviews. So far, this instrument is what it says it is, with NO keys sticking, nothing bent, nothing falling off and no rust. I took a chance, despite all the bad reviews. It may fall to CRAP tomorrow, I don't know. For the price, it sounds good, looks good and appears to have a bit of quality.  As of yet, I haven't found any fault with this product. It was delivered with all the accessories that were promised in the seller's description. For a hundred bucks, I mean, what can you expect. I must have got a good one. If I needed to and would receive another trumpet, like I bought, I would order another one. If you want to take a chance, I would recommend ordering this trumpet...
any nomus |  5/5 | Grandson (10) was over the moon with his surprise package when he got home from school. Great quality for a beginning stage of introduction to wind instruments. He picked up the sound and lip placement and finger position and he's on his way. Researched quite a few and this brand and seller had the best for newbies. Very ,very happy with purchase.
Ileana G. |  5/5 | Everything about this trumpet exceeded my expectations except the case. The reason why the price is low is because of the case, not the trumpet. The trumpet is great, the case is not bad, but it is smaller than I expected and extremely light, which is great for travel. Great trumpet and a great price.
kayla |  5/5 | I got the black one. It came in promptly, in the soft case it shows here. I didn't think I would like the soft case and it's admittedly dinky, but I don't mind the soft case itself. The black is gorgeous. I agree with the guy saying that this trumpet is a $300 trumpet posing as a $100 trumpet. The thing has great sound, and I like it. However, it does seem to get watery sounding rather quickly while playing, so make sure to empty your spit valves frequently. This may be a good trumpet to practice on, or to perform short shows on, but not both, and not prolonged performance. I'm using it myself as a practice instrument to keep me sharp while I'm saving for a really good one.
Kara |  5/5 | The company contacted me after reading the review below. They sent me a replacement trumpet for free. The keys on this one do not stick and is working just fine. Great customer service. Thanks!  Sticky, sticky keys. My daughter started playing trumpet this year and I'd hoped this would be a good beginner trumpet for her. I wanted to make sure she was going to like playing before I dropped a lot of money on a higher quality trumpet. Sadly, this trumpet has been nothing but frustration for both of us. I've tried every recommended solution, but the keys still stick. It makes playing nearly impossible. Now I'm going to have to drop money on another trumpet. So while the price on this looks good, it turns out it was a big waste of money for me.
Sue |  5/5 | I ordered the dark blue and got the turquoise...the valve was stuck, could not slide it, one of the buttons was in the down position.  Harder to play than the plastic Pampet one I bought from Amazon. Sound quality...not sure as only started playing a few days ago. Disappointed and returning. Also, there were NO gloves Nor was there a tuner like the video said there would be.
Easily Distracted Nerd |  5/5 | I picked this because I thought it was great to see if my kid was serious about playing. I would have chosen different even if she wasn’t. Dinged with very little pressure. Sound quality is what you pay for and replacement parts do not exist for it, even tho it will fall apart quickly. You are better off renting one or buying a used but quality brand that you can actually re-sell for your money back after a yr and that replacement parts are easily found as things like caps and pads will go pretty quickly with kids and if they end up in marching band or other intense playing activities. I bought this when it was a half this price. Definitely not worth this price when other brands sell bargain instruments at comparable prices with more quality everything and repairable.
Monty Thompson |  5/5 | My current trumpet is over 50 years old. My parents bought it for me when I entered the 7th grade and I'm now 67. Obviously, it is not in the best shape anymore. I don't play often, but now that I'm retired I would like to take it more seriously. I didn't want to spend a thousand dollars or more for a high-quality instrument. I was really wary of this one that cost $55 less than mine did 50 years ago! I think the quality is equal to or better than the quality mine had years ago. I am thrilled that it plays this well. I would recommend it highly.
Mason C |  5/5 | My son has been playing piano and clarinet for years and wanted to try something different. He has never played trumpet before. I found this one on amazon for just 100 bucks and think it worth a try as my son might give up quickly and it will be a wasted. When I received it, I can't believe the quality of this only cost 100. My has been playing with it for 3 weeks and he loves it. He plays few hours a day whenever he has spare time. Now he can play at least 2 full octave from G to the 3rd G (G5?). I'm not a musician nor instrument technician, but I can tell the built quality is good and it will work for at least beginners.
Tracey McMahon |  5/5 | I got this trumpet for my first years of band i can't get over how great this is! It includes a very sturdy case, polishing clothes, valve oil, concert gloves, and 2 straps. (The oil did leak a little but I came in a bag so it wasn't a problem) My local music shop charges $200 for used trumpets with no extra appliances so this is much cheaper for a better trumpet The only thing I'm concerned about is the fact that my band teacher did not seem thrilled when he realized the brand of trumpet was a Mendini. He said he had a few students with the same brand and they had a few flaws. mine does seem to have any flaws so it's five stars from me :)
Kathleen J.Harris |  5/5 | Like had been mentioned, the valves stick a little on arrival. The #2 valve would not come all the way back up. I took all 3 out; cleaned and oiled them and have not had another problem. The Mendini Trumpet, is a lot better trumpet than I am a trumpet player. I am very happy with their product and hope I can learn to play it.
Amazon Customer |  5/5 | I’m amazed they can sell this trumpet for $100. It’s not perfect—sometimes I get an airlock that slows the third valve from coming up. But I’ve just started playing again so it will great for practice for now. For a fifth or sixth grader though, it would be a good trumpet. Wait to buy an expensive one until you know they are going to stick with it.
G. G. Henry |  5/5 | My grandson was pleased with the trumpet but when he cleaned the valves, they were misnumbered. He put them back as they were numbered and got no sound. Luckily his dad took over and figured out to put them in the correct order. This lasted for a month. Now the valves are stuck and we cannot get anyone to tell us how to fix them. I will never order from them again.
Keith Jones |  5/5 | I played the trumpet as a kid and a young man, I haven't touched one in over 30 years, so I picked this up to reacquaint myself with the Trumpet. Over all, I think it is a decent trumpet. Sound is good, although I do remember my lip being able to play all night... and not just a few minutes. .lol.. that will come with practice... I am enjoying it, and that is the bottom line. If you enjoy what you do, it is worth the price.
J. Vacha |  5/5 | I have played trumpet over 30 years. I bought this on a whim because I just couldn't believe a trumpet could be made for this price of any quality. Honestly, I was impressed. For the price, this is a pretty darn good horn. Now, it doesn't compare to a Bach or a Jerome Callet or any other "real" horn (Yamaha, Getzen etc); but for the price, it is much better than you would expect. It is quite acceptable. Great for beginners to see if they stick with it or to beat up where you don't need your best sound quality.
Marvin Munn |  5/5 | This is the first trumpet I have bought. So what do I know?... Not much so I gave it to a family member who had not played in over 20 years. Pure delight. He been playing it 2 weeks now and says he did not believe this was the "cheap one". He guessed it as a higher priced one. Do check to make sure there is no trash in the valves, I scuffed a valve really mildly but it caused no performance issues. Even my cousin recommends it for a beginner, a spare or everyday.
Dennis W. Maloney |  5/5 | Took up trumpet again at 78 years of age as a challenge. This trumpet is very good quality and sounds great. Sometimes the valve action could be a little better, though. Comes with a nice case and trumpet oil. I would definitely buy again.  AMENDED REVIEW:  Valves have started to stick and I cannot blow any air through the instrument. I've never experienced this before and I played a lot of trumpet in my younger days. I'm just about to give up on it.
Amanda |  5/5 | We bought this for our 11 (now 12 year old) for his first year of beginner band. We weren't positive he'd stick with it so we thought for the price, this trumpet was a good choice. We also didn't want to get roped into leasing one. He's more than half way through the school year and the trumpet has held up really well, it looks and sounds great. We've never had an issue with it. The case is super nice also. The case is lightweight with a long shoulder strap which makes it easy for him to take back and forth to school everyday. I'm happy with this purchase. This is a good starter trumpet for a kid without much of a financial investment.
Jim |  5/5 | nice product
K G |  5/5 | Love it!!! Was unsure at first but my son is in 6th grade and I wasn’t about to rent a trumpet from the local music shop for $30 a month. I took a chamce and bought this. He told me it os the best one in class and it plays great! The case says it’s soft but it is a canvas type case with hard shell foam to protect it. Although it is not a traditional hard shell case I would still consider it a firm/hard case. The only thing I might do is buy different oil and replace what came with it. Great instrument!! If he keeps playing ove the years I will buy him something better but this is perfect for him now!
Amazon Customer |  5/5 | Had Previously Went To A Music Store Near Me To Window Shop..lol My Husband Had Seen A Gold Trumpet He Actually Fell In Love With Priced At $280...I Had Told Him I'll Check Online To See If I Can Find It A Lil Cheaper If I Can't We Will Come Back And I'll Buy It For You He Got A Lil Dissapointed. I Came Home The Very Same Day And Checked On Amazon for It. As Soon As I Found It I Read All The Reviews. I Then Went And Purchased It Hoping And Praying It Would Be The Same One As The One In The Music Store 5 Days later. I Get It. Amazing,Super Surprised,Excited,Amazed We Both Where When We Open The Package The Same Exact One.Came Very Well Packaged Lubrication,White Gloves And The Bag To Store It In. Would Deffinitely Highly Recommend It.
Ben H |  5/5 | The one problem I can find is that the adjustable finger hole that you use to kick out that slide comes lose no matter how hard you tighten it. But besides that, it’s pretty good.
Tom Watkins |  5/5 | My grandson loved the color, but my concern was the tone and valve action. In short, I am very happy with those two elements.  So, it’s a good value for a solid beginner’s instrument.
ಗ್ರಾಹಕ |  5/5 | My kid is in his middle school band & used a 1965's Reynolds trumpet provided from school. At the end of the year, we had to return his school borrowed trumpet. So I explored both ebay & amazon to find a suitable replacememt for his summer practise. This trumpet stood out wrt price, availability & quality. So far this has stood the test of time. If things change in school year, I will update the review.
SMH |  5/5 | Definitely a great value for the money for a beginner. This is my daughter's 1st year in band. With the threat of schools going virtual due to Covid & whether or not my daughter would want to stay in band next year, I couldn't see spending $1,000 plus to rent an instrument from school...so this was definitely a bargain & quality is excellent!
Don Glueckert |  5/5 | The packaging was careful and clean, the trumpet is well protected. However, the case had an awful smell like mold. I put the case in the garage with the lid open to learn if the odor would dissipate. The odor does not affect the quality of the instrument. Great value, especially for the beginner.
JenChemist |  5/5 | First, excellent customer service! We ordered this dark blue trumpet, it came and looked perfect. First day sounded okay, but the third valve had a big crack inside of it (discovered by band teacher), which affected the sound, so we contacted customer service and they let us exchange for an identical one. They even rushed the next one out to us! It came, it played great out of the box at first (I will say that I am a non musical parent, and my middle school aged child is judging initially). Day two of playing it and the third valve of the new one was spinning and intermittently would freeze up. I spoke with service again on the phone, walked through possible fixes, the third valve was just defective. We decided to return it and continue renting a higher quality instrument. I would say they should likely revisit their quality control requirements.
Philip Nathanson |  5/5 | I thought this instrument would be a good low-cost, low-risk way back into the trumpet. It had been over 30 years since I had played. And when I got the horn, I was thrilled. It produced a fat, juicy tone. The valves felt OK. The intonation wasn't great, but not so bad that you couldn't get it into tune with the tuning slides and your lip. It felt solid and substantial in my hands.  When I got the horn last year I didn't have a lot of time to practice, and the instrument did fine -- better than the player! But now I'm semi-retired and have been practicing at least an hour a day for a couple of months. Soon I started to notice scratches and corrosion on the valves, which are a sign that the valves aren't aligned properly. And now the third valve has begun sticking so badly that it has to be oiled several times during a one-hour practice session. I'm not performing in public yet, but if I ever do go back to it, I can't use this horn.  Getting the valves trued would cost more than the horn cost originally. So I've just invested about $400 in another trumpet, one which an on-line reviewer has used heavily and, he says, plays just as well as his $2800 instrument. In the video he shows the valves, and they are as clean as a whistle.  Of course none of this matters much if the person who is using the instrument is a child or other beginner who doesn't know if he or she is going to be serious about the trumpet. But otherwise... you've been warned.
Anand Abraham |  5/5 | it’s good
Dick |  5/5 | I am a professional up in years and mostly play New Orleans Jazz with recordings. This horn matches the recordings very well. I have tried recent top of the line Bachs and Schilkes and like the Mendini better. The K.K. Music Store is just the greatest to deal with Elvira and Cindy are great to talk to. Try one, if you don't like it, keep trying until you get one you like. In 1946 my first Frank trumpets cost more than these and were not as good. What this does to the two and three thousand dollar horns I don't know, but for me and my house we will stay with Mendini. Of the ones I have tried, the gold works best for me.
Bolt |  5/5 | I read the reviews, good and bad. This trumpet may be the best you can buy at 5 times the price. I have owned professional trumpets and played a French Besson Meha all my life. Professionals who have horns costing $3000 to $20,000 (Monette's) might want one to take on vacation and leave their expensive horn home! One word of warning. When I received the instrument the valves were terrible. I thoroughly clean the valves and casings with a brush and soap and water. I then oiled with Yamaha Synthetic Oil and they are working just fine.
Matthew Elvers |  5/5 | I am a Freshman in high school and got this trumpet because I didnt want to keep taking my other trumpet from school and home everyday and didnt want my other one to also get dented at school. I got this one thinking that I have a crappy trumpet that I can keep at school and if it gets dented up it doesnt matter. I was very impressed by this trumpet though. When it came it came in top notch condition no scratches no dents. LEGIT BRASS. I played it and for all the negative reviews about the sticky valves I think it just was that you need to keep your valves oiled because the valves were in great condition and moved smoothly. This is a bargain for the price they are giving
Melinda C. |  5/5 | My daughter needed a first year beginners trumpet for band at school. It was exactly what she needed and the quality was great. Great value for the price for sure.
